Copyright (c) 2012, Simon Sommer
All rights reserved.

NON-COMMERCIAL VERSION LICENSE

To qualify for a Non-Commercial Version License, You must:
(1) use the Software solely on a system under the Linux,
FreeBSD, NetBSD, or OpenBSD operating system (whether for
commercial or non-commercial use), or (2) use the Software
for non-commercial purposes as defined herein and be a Non-
Commercial Entity as defined herein, or (3) be an
University User as defined herein, or (4) be an Excluded
Contractor as defined herein.

The term "Non-Commercial Entity" is limited to the
following: university or other educational institutions
(such as pre-schools, elementary schools, middle or junior
high schools, high schools, and community or junior
colleges), non-profit organizations (such as public
libraries, charities, and other organizations created for
the promotion of social welfare), "University Users", and
other individual users who use the Software for personal
use (such as connecting to an Internet Service Provider for
personal use, hobby, recreational, or educational
purposes). The term "University Users" is limited to
students, faculty members, researchers, administrators,
support staff, and employees of a university when acting in
this capacity. The term "Excluded Contractor" is limited to
independent, solo contractors while performing work for a
Non-Commercial Entity, such as a university or other
educational institution in an individual capacity. If You
qualify for a Non-Commercial Version License, You may use
the Software free of charge. Simon Sommer reserves the right to
further clarify the terms Non-Commercial Entity, University
Users and Excluded Contractor at its sole determination.

If You do not qualify for a Non-Commercial Version
License, then You should discontinue the downloading or
installation process and look for another Software. 

